hi this is Gopi from Kolkata teen and
you're watching the unboxing and review
of Micromax canvas won a 63
here is the box pack the a 63 it is part
by dual core processor and comes in
different colors this are value let's
quickly go through these specifications
as mentioned on the box back Micromax a
63 is part by 1.3 Gikas 12 core
processor running on the jelly bean 4.2
voltage support 11.9 mm thickness four
inch capacitive touchscreen 3g supported
2 megapixel front fixed focus camera
with flash VGA front camera finder to
LMB RAM 32gb external storage support
bluetooth 2.0 Wi-Fi gravity sensor and a
battery of 1000 find an image capacity
here is the handset we'll have a look at
this data inside the box you will find
the battery of 1000 find an image
capacity some goodies screen guard SAR
compliance user guide and the warranty
statement here are the accessories the
power adapter data cable here phone call
button mic and here is the closer view
of the earplug looks off a good quality
here is the handset the front view you
can see these specifications on the
protective film the side view rear view
the rear side is matte finish on
different bottom the three touch
sensitive buttons the mic on the top the
internal speaker front camera and the
sensors the power button is placed on
the left side volume rockers on the
right side and on the top you will find
the 3.5 mm audio jack and next to it the
microUSB port on the rear the speaker
out the Micromax logo and the 2
megapixel fixed-focus camera with LED
flash I'm going to remove the protective
film with these packs there is one more
film here let's open up the battery
compartment this is a dual-sim handset
you can see the dual SIM slots SIM slot
1 sports 3G SIM slot 2 and a micro SD
card slot wait is hundred in 22 grams
with battery thickness is 11.8 4 mm
brett 65
point seven 9mm and he lent 124 point
three seven mm let's power on this
device the canvas logo animation and
here is the home screen you can see the
touch sensitive buttons here they are
non backlit buttons the touch is smooth
and responsive performance looks good
viewing angle is okay not really that
good in the phone dialer you will find
the video call option there is the
software update option the Micromax
update over-the-air updates by for
hotspot USB and Bluetooth tethering is
supported the internet solid space 1.1
should be free of define and twirling
parameter 230 and be free and here are
the internal space and the phone storage
is 1.1 2 GB this handset does it compact
built-in GPS receiver as you can see
here in fact the GPS option here is also
missing there is no GPS option here you
will still be able to access your
location using the Wi-Fi and mobile
networks however the accuracy will not
be that great 1.3 gigahertz cortex a7 12
core with Mali 400 MP GPU mt 6 5 7 2
hardware running on android 4.2.2 screen
resolution is 800 by 480 pixels here are
the sensors there is accelerometer and
proximity sensor the sensors are placed
on the right side note down the time its
3:59 p.m. batteries at 56% temperature
at 32 degrees quadrant which MUX score
is 3 to 7 3 and 2 to score is triple 1
double Phi will ammo HTML 5 1 6 double 3
metal 4:71 in a mock to 40 point 8 fps
a 63 supports 2 point multi-touch this
handset build quality and the finishing
is very good let's check out the camera
this and that comes with a 2 megapixel
rear camera you can see the 2 megapixel
picture size
and different camera is VGA I'm
recording a video and this video was
recorded in 720p resolution at 13 frames
per second
here is the paper playing game just to
show you that the accelerometer is
working pre fine and now let's check out
the dead trigger game I have set the
graphic details to high as you can see
the gameplay is not very smooth but it
is playable
I've used the handset for around 33
minutes and the battery has dropped by
11% temperature is now 37 degrees the
Micromax canvas won a 63 is powered by
1.3 gigahertz dual-core processor it
sports a 4-inch screen running Android
4.2 with final 12 MB RAM and 4gb
internal storage 2 megapixel fixed-focus
rear camera with LED flash and front VGA
camera this handset supports 3G and
there is no built-in GPS the hunted
espresso troop is 6,000 399 it would be
better if we spent thousand rupees extra
and get the Micromax a 74 for full
review sample images and videos visit my
website copy 13